Extend info on timeout parameter (#73)
GIScience/ohsome-api: docs/response-parameters.rst

Response Parameters
===================

Description of the response parameters.

General Parameters
------------------

Description of parameters that are present in every response.

* ``attribution`` - copyrights and attribution
* ``apiVersion`` - version of the ohsome API

Aggregation Parameters

> ----------------------

Reviewer: is this section empty on purpose?

Reviewer 2: yes, as it's out of scope from this PR and should indicate that we want to include docs on the response formats of aggregation endpoints

Reviewer: ok. could you please open a github issue for that (in the 1.3 milestone), so we don't forget it. :)

Extraction Parameters
---------------------

Descriptions of the custom response parameters that are marked with a leading ``@``.

> * ``@osmId`` - id of the OSM feature with its type (node/way/relation)

Reviewer: IMHO we should be more consistent with wordings here. Since the API endpoints use the term _elements_, this should be more appropriate:

```suggestion
* ``@osmId`` - id of the OSM element, including its type (e.g. node/1)
```

> * ``@version`` - version of the feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@version`` - version number of the OSM element
```

> * ``@changesetId``- id assigned to a changeset

Reviewer: huh? not sure what was meant by this line… maybe this would be better:

```suggestion
* ``@changesetId`` - id of the OSM changeset which last increased the version of this OSM element
```

> * ``@osmType``- type (node/way/relation) of OSM feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@osmType`` - type of the OSM element (NODE, WAY or RELATION)
```

Contribution Parameters
-----------------------

Descriptions of the custom response parameters that are marked with a leading ``@``.

> * ``@osmId`` - id of the OSM feature with its type (node/way/relation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@osmId`` - id of the OSM element, including its type (e.g. node/1)
```

> * ``@version`` - version of the feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@version`` - version of the OSM element
```

> * ``@changesetId``- id assigned to a changeset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@changesetId`` - id of the OSM changeset where the contribution was performed
```

> * ``@osmType``- type (node/way/relation) of OSM feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@osmType`` - type of the OSM element (NODE, WAY or RELATION)
```

* ``@timestamp`` - indicates when this contribution occurred
* ``@creation``	- contribution type; indicates if this feature is newly created (true); cannot occur in combination with other contribution types
* ``@geometryChange`` - contribution type; indicates if the geometry of this feature has changed (true); can occur in combination with @tagChange
* ``@tagChange``- contribution type; indicates if the tag of this feature has changed (true); can occur in combination with @geometryChange
* ``@deletion`` - contribution type; indicates if the feature is deleted (true); cannot occur in combination with other contribution types

> Metadata

Reviewer 2: They were left out yes as they are quite self-explanatory in my opinion. If we decide to really document every single response object in our JSON (and then also CSV) responses, then we should do it through this work package.

> Metadata

Reviewer: ah ok. if it was on purpose it's fine for me :+1:

> Metadata

Reviewer: btw: they are even mentioned above (lines 11-12, see https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-api/pull/73/files#diff-e4b9bb401722e926ee80355fe1bdd48119a1c86d223329a4cb37873c2a3a0a5dR11-R12), I totally overlooked it in my review

--------

* ``timeout`` - limit of the processing time in seconds
* ``spatialExtent`` - spatial boundary of the OSM data in the underlying OSHDB

> * ``temporalExtent`` - temporal boundary of the OSM data in the underlying OSHDB

Reviewer 2: yeah could extend the description here a bit and include the two timestamps

> * ``temporalExtent`` - temporal boundary of the OSM data in the underlying OSHDB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``temporalExtent`` - timeframe of the OSM data in the underlying OSHDB
```
